Documentation for overriding the field class (#158)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry-graphql-django: docs/references/fields.md

        pagination=True
    )
```

## Overriding the field class (advanced)

> If in your project, you want to change/add some of the standard `strawberry.django.field()` behaviour, it is possible to use your own custom field class when decorating a `strawberry.django.type` with the `field_cls` argument, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If in your project, you want to change/add some of the standard `strawberry.django.field()` behaviour,
it is possible to use your own custom field class when decorating a `strawberry.django.type` with the `field_cls` argument, e.g.
```

```python
class CustomStrawberryDjangoField(StrawberryDjangoField):
    """Your custom behaviour goes here."""

@strawberry_django.type(User, field_cls=CustomStrawberryDjangoField)
class UserType:
    # Each of these fields will be an instance of `CustomStrawberryDjangoField`.
    id: int
    name: auto

@strawberry.type
class UserQuery:
    # You can directly create your custom field class on a plain strawberry type
    user: UserType = CustomStrawberryDjangoField()

```

> In this example, each of the fields of the `UserType` will be automatically crated with the `CustomStrawberryDjangoField` which may implement anything from custom pagination of relationships to altering the field permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, each of the fields of the `UserType` will be automatically created by `CustomStrawberryDjangoField`,
which may implement anything from custom pagination of relationships to altering the field permissions.
```
